---
layout: post
title: 'Schmidt Futures Supports Invest in Open Infrastructure'
date: '2019-10-07 18:00:00 -0400'
permalink: /:year/:month/:day/:title:output_ext
author: Danielle C. Robinson
authorurl: 'https://www.daniellecrobinson.com/'
categories: open, science, research, scholarship, humanities, tools, services, platforms, infrastructure, roadmap, funding, webinars, census, hiring, grants, awards, Schmidt Futures, ioi, investments
excerpt: We are thrilled to announce that Invest in Open Infrastructure (IOI) has been generously supported with an award of 150k USD from Schmidt Futures, a philanthropic initiative founded by Eric and Wendy Schmidt. IOI is an effort to enable durable, scalable, and long lasting open scientific and scholarly infrastructure to emerge, thrive, and deliver its benefits on a global scale. With this support, IOI is opening the search for a Director to coordinate our global coalition of projects, organizations, and initiatives actively working to build a sustainable future for open scholarly infrastructure.
---
We are thrilled to announce that Invest in Open Infrastructure (IOI) has been generously supported with an award of 150k USD from [Schmidt Futures](https://schmidtfutures.com/), a philanthropic initiative founded by Eric and Wendy Schmidt. IOI is an effort to enable durable, scalable, and long lasting open scientific and scholarly infrastructure to emerge, thrive, and deliver its benefits on a global scale. We are a global coalition of projects, organizations, and initiatives actively working to build a sustainable future for open scholarly infrastructure.

We imagine a world in which communities of researchers, scholars, and knowledge workers across the globe are fully enabled to share, discover, and work together. It is clear that the needs of today’s diverse scholarly communities are not being met by the existing largely uncoordinated scholarly infrastructure, which is dominated by vendor products that take ownership of the scholarly process and data. We intend to create a new open infrastructure system that will enable us to work in a more integrated, collaborative and strategic way. It will support global connections and consistency where it is appropriate, and local and contextual requirements where that is needed.

With this initial support, we are opening the search for a Director. This will be a full time, remote-friendly position offered in partnership with IOI’s fiscal sponsor [Code for Science & Society](https://codeforscience.org/). See the full job posting at [investinopen.org/jobs](/jobs) for more details on this opportunity, and visit [investinopen.org](/) to show your support and get the latest news.
